Contributing: TSDocs for return objects in functions (#217)
frontity/docs: docs/contributing/code-contribution-guide.md

};
```

> ### 2. Use an `interface` when functions have object arguments or returns

Reviewer: Suggest changing to: "Use an `interface` when functions take an object as an argument or when functions return an object" - also change at line 252 above

Author: Done 👍

> ### 2. Use an `interface` when functions have object arguments or returns

Author: ```suggestion
### 2. Use an interface when functions take an object as an argument or when functions return an object
```

Suggest changing to: "Use an interface when functions take an object as an argument or when functions return an object" - also change at line 252 above

Instead of typing the objects inline, use a separate interface to be able to document the object using TSDoc. Use the `@link` tag to link the interface and function together.

> For function arguments use:

Author: Done 👍

};
```

> For function returns use:

Reviewer: Suggest changing to: "For functions that return an object use:"

Author: Done 👍
